## General Structure

 - Intro What? Why? Contrib?
    - Run WebAssembly on constrained devices - could become universal bytecode instead of specific support
    - Common bytecode -> flash WebAssembly -> dynamically get code from the network (interpreded)
    - Contrib -> Survey options and find out about performance
 - Background (not terribly extensive ~5-10 pages)
    - WebAssembly (3)
    - WebAssembly for IoT what's going on (OS API spec) (2)
    - Microcontrollers ESP32 (Limitations, RAM and so on)
    - Interpreters (maybe part of WebAssembly, Streaming Compilation, Stack machine or more fancy)
    - Microenchmarking (What benchmarks have been done before for Microcontrollers CPU performance with branching)
    - Understand the SDK/OS with a test project (Can actually read up on most OS calls) DOn't get lost!
 - Survey of existing Runtimes
    - Can include browser based things for WebAssembly
    - Focus on IoT Runtimes
    - Evaluate what could work to interpret WebAssemblyon ESP32
 - Performance testing
    - Get the Runtimes to run
    - Deisgn benchmarks for the Runtimes
 - Evaluation
    - Talk about what has to be done to get stuff runnign at all
    - Execute the benchmarks and see how well it works
 - Conclusion

## To Do

 - [ ] Start to build a table of contents
 - [ ] Do Background or Survey
 - [ ] get it to run
 - [ ] Build and run benchmarks

## Timetable

 - ===> Sumission is March 16th
 - 17.02. start writing
 - 24.01. Build and run benchmarks
 - 03.01. Get stuff to run
 - 07.12. Do Survey
 - 15.11. Work on Background
